in my career. I think I find that every single block above me is a leader
that I look up to. The main one that I have is, let's say, the Devo,
um uh, the devil could actually be a young person, maybe just two
years in, but they've given been, given the responsibility to look
after the unit, and they've proven that they can. They've been given
the commission, and for the most part, like like they take it on
full charge. And they have a lot of interesting things that they could
tell you toe s O that you could grow as a person as well. Um, a little
bit above that is the Chang the chief engineer? Um, that's for
normal surface ships. I just came back where we had an awesome chang.
Who? I think she was a mechanic, but she had a, ah, large understanding
of the way the entire plant worked. And I got a lot of information
from her on a aircraft care. You have the reactor officer whom
I didn't experience s o much, but I still look to them as a leader
because you could not tell that they were not the captain of the ship
the way they move, the way that they talked the way that they carried
themselves. Um, everything that they did was very, very disciplined
and organized. And you knew that nothing on that ship would be wrong
if they were in charge. That's the way that they carried themselves.
Um above them is the CNO and then the president. I like to them
a lot less. Obviously, you know, they have the whole entire, um, service
to run. However, they are our commanders and chiefs. So whatever
they're doing, you have to make sure that they're leading by example.
Um, you filtered that down to the troops. So if they're saying,
hey, you know what? We have to go to this area and these are the reasons,
you know, you have to take that on, and you have to, like, present
that presidential atmosphere to the rest of the unit. Um, of
course, it could be a little bit political when you're talking about
you know, the president less political when you're talking about the
CNO. You know this, you know, has mainly one idea for everyone and
depending on in for the president, depend on whether it's a Democrat
or Republican or some other party like, um, it might be hard Thio
get completely behind all of their words. But, um, those are the things
that you focus on. You focus on the mission, the mission of the
ship, the mission of your aircraft here, and yeah, you should. And I
think most military people do have the impression that he is our leader.
And he's the example that, um, that we're following. So yeah,
from the president all the way down, toe the chief right beside me.
You look toe everybody around you, all your leadership, Um, for that
for that experience.